---
title: "Aspirations"
date: 2023-01-22T21:06:28-06:00
draft: true
---
# Aspirations and reality
I've looked up to people in the tech field my whole life. It probably started by reading outdated text files on [totse.com](https://totseans.com/totse/) about how to hack vending machines or phreak payphones... in 2008. I never engaged in those things (or at least, they were too old to still work) but I thought they were *cool*. The power to bend the world around you at will using what is magic to most people, to break rules and make your own. I was hooked, but too lazy to put in the effort to become one of these magicians. Code? My eyes would glaze over after printing `hello world` from a youtube tutorial. I gave up and went back to what I really enjoyed which was customizing my linux desktop to make it look like I knew what I was talking about (and therefore, cool). Eventually I stumbled upon an online friend group that was made up of people who I considered a part of these afformentioned wizards. A sysadmin for a university, a web developer, and an IT feild tech. I was amazed. They opened up the world to me, a 17 year old kid from a small Canadian town who never realized people could be this smart. They had websites that looked much like this one, they went to DEFCON, they had git commits! They told me about ideas like "foxes and hedgehogs", "type 1&2 thinking", the philosophy behind free software and so much more that seems to be a common cultural language for the types of people who have personal websites and post on HN. 

Despite this wealth of new information, I still never felt like I was part of the club. I was in school for network security - but it was just an online school. I never worked in tech, I only coded small projects on a raspberry pi or hosted websites for silly projects in my free time. Those cool people I thought of sitting in coffee shops solving issues on IRC and creating some cool project a id see on hackaday, HN or reddit were still miles out of reach to me. I wasnt just not in their league, I was playing a different game. This changed when during my second year of school I walked into a local IT consultants office with a resume and they agreed to hire me on the helpdesk.

 It turns out, all of those years of "just messing around" paid off, I was automating processes in powershell and tearing through tickets like nobodys business. I created their cybersecurity suite, I revamped their webhosting, I made custom AWS tools for clients that needed them. But this was just at a small MSP in a nowhere town, I thought, I wasnt one of you, reading this right now.

I was recently recruited off linkedin to work for a large app as a security enginner. I'm currently working out the last of my days at my old job working remote in Mexico when today I thought it's been a while since i've done a silly project, so I decided to create this website. Here I am, in a coffee shop, creating something that I used to think was unfathomably cool,
